{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Part 6\
1. The smaller mean from my calculations was the mean of \'93within_\'94 with 5.2384E3. While the mean of \'93between_\'94 was 8.5589E3. It was smaller by 3320.5.\
\
2. This is what I expected because you expect the more closely resemble image, which would be the sets, to be more similar resulting in a smaller number then the ones that are not in the sets. The difference in the numbers was quite large though so it was unexpected on that front. \
\
Part 7\
1. The smaller mean from my calculations was the mean of \'93within_\'94 with 4.7703. While the mean of \'93between_\'94 was 13.6799. It was smaller by 8.9096.\
\
2. This is what I was expecting from these comparisons. The numbers were not suffering a huge gap as previous and the means were much much smaller. I expected it for this one because taking the mean over the whole picture with the similar ones most likely was altered by the color changes that were present in the animals which is why the sets were such a small number. \
\
Part 8\
1. The smaller mean from my calculations was the mean of \'93within_\'94 with 7.3996E3. While the mean of \'93between_\'94 was 1.2093E4. It was smaller by 4693.4.\
\
2. These giant numbers are what I expected. And of course the sets were more similar then the not sets but the numbers were huge because in comparing each pixel there is no way the numbers would be close unless the whole image with taken by 1 color. \
\
Part 9\
1. I would say the best filter would be the 2nd one where it took the mean of the whole image. I would say this because the histogram for the first one is just very unreliable, because after trying on different sizes the results change a lot and the numbers were fairly big. The last one, with comparing every pixel was not very good because the means were so huge because they are comparing every pixel. The second option of finding the mean a crossed the whole picture was the best because of the smaller numbers and the  way it averages everything out. }